Please note applications officially closed 13th April. However, you are welcome to still submit an application in case more opportunities become available between now and when the program commences in February 2027. 

 

Our Graduate Program is designed for talented, passionate graduates who are looking to join an agile world leader and are ready to use the power of technology to deliver mission-critical IT services that move the world.

 

What’s in it for you?

A stimulating 12-month program with a company that is well-positioned to grow and deliver true innovation and value to our customers
Opportunities to collaborate with senior leaders on various projects
Ongoing training and development
A dedicated people manager and buddy to help guide and support you from Day 1
A variety of social and cultural activities to extend your networking and team-building skills
 

Graduate opportunities:

Application Developer - Create, test and program applications for our clients
Consulting (Technical) - Collaborate with our clients to improve their business through DXC’s offerings and expertise
Cyber Security - Help protect and defend our clients from cyber threats
Networking - Work on integrations and installations for client’s current network infrastructure
Software Engineering - Design, develop, test and evaluate IT software
Systems Engineering - Design, integrate and manage complex client systems
Test Engineer - Plan, design and evaluate applications and products for client
 

What we’re looking for?

To be eligible for our Graduate Program, when submitting your application, you must be:

An Australian citizen or Permanent Resident
Have completed all course requirements for your degree no earlier than November 2024, and must be expecting to complete all course requirements for your degree no later than February 2027
 

All degrees are accepted. We invite you to join our passionate team and thrive with DXC.

 

Our 'people first' mindset comes to life offering the ultimate in working flexibility. We take a virtual first approach and our teams are spread across multiple geographies delivering a broad range of customer projects, which means we can tailor working arrangements that work for our people. DXC is an equal-opportunity employer. We welcome the many dimensions of diversity. To increase diversity in the technology industry, we encourage applications from Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander people, neurodiverse people, and members of the LGBTQIA+ community. Accommodation of special needs for qualified candidates may be considered within the framework of the DXC Accommodation Policy. In addition, DXC Technology is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with physical and mental disabilities. 

 

If you need assistance in filling out the application form or require a reasonable accommodation while seeking employment, please e-mail: anzyoungprofessionals@dxc.com If you wish to find out more, please visit our website or contact anzyoungprofessionals@dxc.com 

 

DXC acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the country throughout Australia, and their continuing connection to land, water and community. We pay our respects to them and their cultures, and to their Elders, past, present and emerging.  

 

DXC Technology (NYSE: DXC) is a leading enterprise technology and innovation partner delivering software, services, and solutions to global enterprises and public sector organizations — helping them harness AI to drive outcomes at a time of exponential change with speed. With deep expertise in Managed Infrastructure Services, Application Modernization, and Industry-Specific Software Solutions, DXC modernizes, secures, and operates some of the world’s most complex technology estates. Learn more on dxc.com